chore: add basic work item process (#3)
decentralized-identity/crypto-wg: NEW_WORK_ITEM_PROCESS.md

4. Populate your work item by completing all the sections in the template,
   including answering all the questions.
5. Commit your changes locally and push to your GitHub account's fork of this
   repository.
6. Create a Pull Request against the parent repository including your local
   changes. The proposed work item will then be discussed at the next available
   WG meeting where adopting the work item will be voted upon. Your item co-owners
   **must** express in the Pull Request via GitHub comment that they accept the
   responsbilities of work item ownership.
7. Upon approval via merging, begin an email thread with the chairs or discuss
   asynchronously if you require any administrative resources from DIF, such as
   a regularly scheduled Zoom meeting link, inclusion on the
   [DIF calendar](mailto:decentralized.identity@gmail.com), a location
   to store notes and recordings, or any other help facilitating your work
   item.

## Work item ownership responsibilities

As a work item owner, you will have the following responsibilities:
- Timely response to questions and status check-ins about the work item by the
  chairs and other DIF members.

> - Commitment to designating and sending a work item representative for all C&C
>   WG twice-monthly meetings who can speak on the status of the work item and
>   summary of events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commitment to designating and sending a work item representative for all
  Applied Crypto WG bi-weekly meetings who can speak on the status of the work
  item and summary of events
```
